# General Information

## Maintainer
Oliver Bründler [oliver.bruendler@psi.ch]

## License
This library is published under [PSI HDL Library License](License.txt), which is [LGPL](LGPL2_1.txt) plus some additional exceptions to clarify the LGPL terms in the context of firmware development.

## Changelog
See [Changelog](Changelog.md)

## What belongs into this Library
This repository contains python classes that help working with Vivado. This may be for build automatization, for analyzing files generated by Vivado or anything else.

## Tagging Policy
Stable releases are tagged in the form *major*.*minor*.*bugfix*. 

* Whenever a change is not fully backward compatible, the *major* version number is incremented
* Whenever new features are added, the *minor* version number is incremented
* If only bugs are fixed (i.e. no functional changes are applied), the *bugfix* version is incremented

# Dependencies
## Library
The required folder structure looks as given below (folder names must be matched exactly). 

Alternatively the repository [psi\_fpga\_all](https://github.com/paulscherrerinstitute/psi_fpga_all) can be used. This repo contains all FPGA related repositories as submodules in the correct folder structure.
* Python
  * [PsiPyUtils](https://github.com/paulscherrerinstitute/PsiPyUtils) (3.0.0 or higher)
  	* Can be installed using PIP instead of placing it at this location in the directory structure
  * [**VivadoScripting**](https://github.com/paulscherrerinstitute/VivadoScripting) 

## External
* None

# Installation
to install, use the command below

```
pip install <root>\dist\VivadoScripting-<version>.tar.gz
```

Alternatively the package can be used directly as git-submodule (as it was done in the past). This allows for being reverse compatible and do not break projects that depend on using the package as submodule.

# Packaing
To package the project after making changes, update the version number in *setup.py* and run

```
python3 setup.py sdist
```

# Content

## Build Scripts
These scripts help to build Vivado/Sdk projects from python scripts. The interaction with Vivado/Sdk and all workarounds required are encapsulated in this Python module.

Details can be found [here](BuildScripts/README.md)

## ILA Parsers
These scripts parse data recorded with the Vivado Logic Analyzer for data that cannot easily be viewed in Vivado itself (e.g. I2C transactions).

Details can be found [here](IlaParsers/Readme.md)








 